gover/README.md, before:

# Iridium-gidra

A proxy between the client and the server of a certain anime game (Written in GoLang by [Night12138](https://github.com/Night12138))

## Usage (Go version)
Highly recommended to use this version as there is a huge performance increase
1. Clone the Github Repository
```powershell
git clone https://github.com/MoonlightPS/Iridium-gidra.git
cd Iridium-gidra/gover
```

2. Install [GoLang](https://go.dev/doc/install)

3. Run the following commands to start the proxy 

```powershell
go install
go run main.go
```

4. Use the following [fiddler script](https://github.com/MoonlightPS/Iridium-gidra#fiddler-script) to redirect dispatch

5. **Use patched `UserAssembly.dll` or the proxy won't work!! and be sure to change it back when you are not using the proxy!!**

6. Start the game and have fun!

## Fiddler Script
```cs
/* Gidra proxy fiddler script */
import System;
import System.Windows.Forms;
import Fiddler;
import System.Text.RegularExpressions;

class Handlers
{
    static function OnBeforeRequest(oS: Session) {

        if(oS.host.EndsWith("dispatch.yuanshen.com")) {
            oS.oRequest.headers.UriScheme = "http";
            oS.oRequest.headers.Add('url',oS.host);
            oS.host = "localhost";
            oS.port = 8081;
        }

        if(oS.host.Contains("overseauspider.yuanshen.com")){
            oS.oRequest.FailSession(404, "Blocked", "your mom");
        }
    }
};
```

## Note

- Packets captured by gover are stored in `./gover` and are saved as soon as you quit the game or exit the console
- proxy auto detects dispatch url and gateserver address when using the above fiddler script, you do not have to hardcode any of these!

### Format of packet capture:

```jsonc
[
  {
    "index": int,
    "packetId": int,
    "protoName": string,
    "source": string,
    "time": float,
    "object": protobuf object
  }
]
```

Commit message:

feat: add bypass mode; fix: add new keys (#3)

gover/README.md, after:

# Iridium-gidra

A proxy between the client and the server of a certain anime game (Written in GoLang by [Night12138](https://github.com/Night12138))

## Usage (Go version)
Highly recommended to use this version as there is a huge performance increase
1. Clone the Github Repository
```powershell
git clone https://github.com/MoonlightPS/Iridium-gidra.git
cd Iridium-gidra/gover
```

2. Install [GoLang](https://go.dev/doc/install)

3. Run the following commands to start the proxy 

```powershell
go install
go run main.go
```

4. Use the following [fiddler script](https://github.com/MoonlightPS/Iridium-gidra#fiddler-script) to redirect dispatch

5. **Use patched `UserAssembly.dll` or the proxy won't work!! and be sure to change it back when you are not using the proxy!!**

6. Start the game and have fun!

## For your safety
MHY will frequently update their resource files, so our hardcoded checksums are not always available. For your account safety, it is recommended that you enable bypass mode.

1. Install [npcap](https://npcap.com/) on windows or [libpcap](https://www.tcpdump.org/) on linux

2. Run `go build -tags bypass` to build the bypass version

3. Run `gover.exe --bypass` on windows or `.\gover --bypass` on linux to enable runtime bypass

4. (Known issue) Make sure your game was the first startup before login, which means you shouldn't logout then re-login without completely quit the game, or will cause capture failed

## Fiddler Script
```cs
/* Gidra proxy fiddler script */
import System;
import System.Windows.Forms;
import Fiddler;
import System.Text.RegularExpressions;

class Handlers
{
    static function OnBeforeRequest(oS: Session) {

        if(oS.host.EndsWith("dispatch.yuanshen.com")) {
            oS.oRequest.headers.UriScheme = "http";
            oS.oRequest.headers.Add('url',oS.host);
            oS.host = "localhost";
            oS.port = 8081;
        }

        if(oS.host.Contains("overseauspider.yuanshen.com")){
            oS.oRequest.FailSession(404, "Blocked", "your mom");
        }
    }
};
```

## Note

- Packets captured by gover are stored in `./gover` and are saved as soon as you quit the game or exit the console
- proxy auto detects dispatch url and gateserver address when using the above fiddler script, you do not have to hardcode any of these!

### Format of packet capture:

```jsonc
[
  {
    "index": int,
    "packetId": int,
    "protoName": string,
    "source": string,
    "time": float,
    "object": protobuf object
  }
]
```
